Brother, tell me, you have never increased the number
Conditions reflected
I thought this man was a softie and looked down upon by the softest people.
Close to the original
It happens to be our restaurant
Lack of a deadbeat runner
I think you should rely on it, but
You asked me to make special chicken
I don’t know how easy it is to fight
Beat one of the family members of Zhonghuayuan Restaurant to death
Previous family’s property
The source of the wave here is fighting.
I’m not just looking at my friend’s face
I just want you to test me and prove how good I am
You made a mistake in the test. Don't score too many points.
I introduced him to a job
There's no difference
are you okay
Come and do it
Give Laohui time to destroy it, Mr. Xiaoqian
You're here for work, now
Just to verify all those tests
Clean it for me
Just do it if you can't
Why don't you go quickly? I'm the same fat person.
Your little money always comes here
What is it
The top three heads of the Tianjia family
at the night party
What I said was not what I said
Money is all property
I won’t be able to ask for enough
Everyone has been replaced, and soon he will no longer be a front man.
The front clip you mentioned is one of the 480 stores in Song Province.
Sir Song Sheng, underneath is this front clip.
Song Sheng also has a front clip.
Then it gets bigger
I just got injured today and all the layers were broken
This is a fact, not an organization
And I personally ordered the front clip to be negative.